     Our company attaches great importance to the protection of users' personal information and privacy, and in order to provide the operating environment of the game, the game will use and collect your device information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy
。 However, this game will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and care, and all your information will only be processed locally.
    Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, the Game will not disclose or provide such information to third parties without your prior permission.

When you agree to the terms of use of this game service, you are deemed to have agreed to all the contents of this privacy policy. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of this Game Usage Agreement.

1. Scope of application
1. When you open the game, you agree to use the storage permission of the game;

2. Information Security
1. This game will not do any data upload operations except for the necessary data storage of the game.

2. When playing this game, please do not run in a non-secure environment, otherwise it may cause personal game data to be damaged.

3. Use of Information
1. The Game will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your device information to any unrelated third party.
2. The game also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or disseminate your device information for free by any means.

4. Information Disclosure
The game does not disclose any player's data to the outside world

5. Information storage and exchange
The game will only save your game data locally through data files, and will not exchange any information with the outside world.

6. How this Policy is Updated
1. In order to provide you with better services, the game will continuously optimize the services. Without your express consent, we will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy. We
An updated version will be issued through the game platform on which the game is available, and you will be reminded of the update of the relevant content in an appropriate way before it takes effect.
2. If you do not agree to the revised Privacy Policy, you should immediately stop using our products and/or services. Your continued use of our products and/or services will be deemed your acceptance of us
Changes made to the relevant provisions of this Policy. 
